1. Why might an auto-approval rule for subscriptions be considered insecure?
    I think it's insecure because anybody can now connect to our pico without
    authenticating. They get full access to our api without providing any 
    credentials.

2. Can you put a sensor pico in more than one sensor management pico 
(i.e. can it have subscriptions to more than one sensor management pico)?
    Sure! You'd just have to keep track of the Subscriptions and send events to 
    both managers.

3. Imagine I have sensor types besides temperature sensors (e.g. pressure, 
humidity, air quality, etc.). How would you properly manage collections of sensors 
that include heterogeneous sensor types? 
    I think I could have different domain event names managed by different types
    of managers. The sub managers could connect to one large one or just work independently.

4. Describe how you'd use the techniques from this lesson to create collections of temperature 
sensors in particular rooms or areas of a building. For example, I would still have the sensor 
management pico, but might have collections for each floor in a building.
    First I would create Temperature Sensor Managers for each secion to monitor (IE section by,
    floor, building, room, etc). Then I could have one manager that sits on top of all the sub 
    managers. New created sensors could then connect to the sub manager that corresponds to its location
    and notify that manager of incidents. The sub managers can then notify the main manager if 
    needed.

5. Can a sensor pico belong to more than one collection? After the modifications of this lab, 
if a sensor belonged to more than one collection and had a threshold violation, what would happen?
    Sure it can completly beling to more than one collection. It would just have to insure that
    it keeps track of which subscriptions are managers and send info to the managers.

6. When you moved threshold violation notifications from the sensor to the management ruleset, did 
you add the rules to an existing ruleset or create a new one? Why?
    I moved it into the management profile ruleset. To me it seemed like a logical separation cause
    then I could swap out the profile when needed insteaed of swapping out the entire ruleset.

7. When you moved threshold violation notifications from the sensor to the management ruleset, did 
you add only one rule or more than one rule to achieve this end? Which rules did you add and why 
(i.e. justify the architectural decisions did you made)?
    I modified the threshold violation in my sensor profile and added a rule in my management profile.
    I had to modify my sensor profile to call my manager subscription and I dind't want to complicate
    an existing rule so I created a new one to handle the threshold violations and sending the twilio
    sms.